*: add a doc and related description for the Optimizer Fix Controls (#13831)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### tidb_opt_fix_control <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: String
- Default value: `""`
- This variable is used to control some internal behaviors of the optimizer.
- The optimizer's behavior might vary depending on user scenarios or SQL statements. This variable provides a more fine-grained control over the optimizer and helps to prevent performance regression after upgrading caused by behavior changes in the optimizer.
- For a more detailed introduction, see [Optimizer Fix Controls](/optimizer-fix-controls.md).

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: String
- Default value: `""`
- This variable is used to control some internal behaviors of the optimizer.
- The optimizer's behavior might vary depending on user scenarios or SQL statements. This variable provides a more fine-grained control over the optimizer and helps to prevent performance regression after upgrading caused by behavior changes in the optimizer.

> - For a more detailed introduction, see [Optimizer Fix Controls](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/optimizer-fix-controls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a more detailed introduction, see [Optimizer Fix Controls](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.2/optimizer-fix-controls).
```

- Default value: `""`
- This variable is used to control some internal behaviors of the optimizer.
- The optimizer's behavior might vary depending on user scenarios or SQL statements. This variable provides a more fine-grained control over the optimizer and helps to prevent performance regression after upgrading caused by behavior changes in the optimizer.

> - Reference [Optimizer Fix Controls](/optimizer-fix-controls.md) for a more detailed introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a more detailed introduction, see [Optimizer Fix Controls](/optimizer-fix-controls.md).
```
